# Five-Coders Team Meeting

## Team Meeting #1 - Teaching Break 28th, September, 2024 (14:00 - 16:00)
**Present:** Simon Liu, Shengzong Dai, Rongze Gao, Yuheng Li, Tianfa Zhu
**Absent:**
None
**Scribe:**
Simon Liu

## Agreed Procedure
Meeting Procedure:

- Each member will give an update on their progress (in future meetings), and discuss any issues or concerns.
- The floor will then be open for agenda items to be discussed, with the scribe mediating if necessary.
- Once all items and concerns are raised and addressed, the meeting will conclude, with the minutes available for review and edit on Gitlab.


## Agenda Items
| Number    |        Item |
|:---------:|:------------|
| 1 | Data Arrangement |
| 2 | User Interaction |
| 3 | Search Tokenizer & Parser |
| 4 | Custom Features Discussion & Planning |
| 5 | General Project Planning |
| 6 | Approximate Development Timeline |
| 7 | Basic Operating Procedures (including Git Usage and Meeting Minutes) |

## Meeting Minutes
1. Data Arrangement (Priority: High, Due date: 24th, September, 2024)

    - Currently we have more than 2500 instances of data.
    - However the attributes of data are displayed each line, making the total lines of data more than the IDE can display.
    - Solve Method: Rearrange the data and display each instance of data in a single line.
    - Assignee: Yuheng Li
    - Due data: 24th, September, 2024

2. User Interaction

    - Currently the app could show the information of each restaurant.
    - If an internal solution isn't found, discuss potential solutions with the group, and attempt to find a solution as a group.
    - If a resolution isn't found within two/three days, or there is clearly no prospect of a resolution, discuss with the lab tutor and/or the teaching team.

3. Work-Related Conflic Resolution Protocols

    - A group member will discuss the situation with the affected member and attempt to find a solution.
    - If a quick solution isn't found, the group will meet and attempt to find a solution that helps the affected member without unreasonably affecting the other group members.

4. Custom Features Discussion & Planning

    - [Search-Filter] Considering implement filters when doing the search [link](https://gitlab.cecs.anu.edu.au/u7810157/gp-24s2/-/blob/main/gpSpec/2_Features.md?ref_type=heads#:~:text=%5BSearch%2DInvalid%5D,this%20feature.%20(medium)).
    - [UI-Layout] Adjust user interface layout corresponding to the user's device or screen size.

### General Project Planning

##### Project Theme: Traveler Navigation & Recommendation of the City
##### Feature Expectations: 
1. User login/out with user database storage.
2. DataFiles storing restaurants/sight spots informations.
3. Search/Real-Time views on map showing the objects.
4. Modern UI/UX design.
5. Additional Features TBD.